[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo
trapped the kingdom inside
a barrier known as
the "Birdcage,"
and challenged all
present to a game.
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
They keep coming.
Then I'll keep punching!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[KELLY]
Hey, you buncha crap bags.
Keep yer' paws off
Straw Hat or else!
Rah Rah Rah Rampage!
[KELLY] Anyway, I found
a shortcut you can use.
Huh? Seriously?
See that? Shortcut! Told ya!
[LUFFY gasps]
[KELLY] What're you
waiting for? Go ahead.
I'll stay here and
keep watch for you.
Thanks! Sounds awesome!
Moocy, let's go!
[BULL moos]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A ringing]
[ROBIN]
Hi, Luffy. It's me.
[LUFFY]
Robin!
Good news. Viola found
the key to the cuffs.
Let's meet up.
Oh, awesome!
Luffy, we'll meet at the
Sunflower Field, that's perfect.
Turn back! This place
is flooded!
[LUFFY gasps]
It's a dead end!
[LAW]
Get out! Hurry!
[LUFFY]
Don't panic, Moocy!
[DOFLAMINGO] This is nothing
but a sideways water well.
More of a trap than
a shortcut, really.
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
It's you! Doflamingo!
"A Great Escape!
Luffy's Tide-turning
Elephant Gun!"
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Doflamingo!
Look at you two,
huddled together
in your little hole.
Should I take those
handcuffs off for you, Law?
Or should I cut your
wrists along with them?
I thought you were
at the palace--
What're you doing down here?
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
I came to rescue you, of course!
You clearly need help if you're
falling for traps like this.
I'll put you out of your misery.
Be careful!
[BULL moos]
[LUFFY gasps]
Bullet String!
[groans]
Moocy!
Forget the bull! Get away!
[LUFFY]
Moocy!
[DOFLAMINGO] Huh. No sense
of self-preservation.
Don't die, Moocy. It's okay.
What a joke. Look at you.
Any clown could kill you
in this sorry state.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
You've riled up quite an
army of idiots out there,
thinking they can take my head.
[DOFLAMINGO] You are quite adept
at bringing people to your side,
no matter how foolish
it may seem.
I've admired that
quality of yours
since I saw it on display
during the battle at Marineford.
But now? I see you're
just some fool
whose luck has finally run out.
Why did you side
with this idiot, Law?
When you were young,
I thought you showed
a great deal of promise.
Even as a child you were
more cunning than this,
and more ruthless. Am I wrong?
[DOFLAMINGO]
I'm so disappointed.
Who made you into such
a miserable little coward?
That's enough!
Huh?
You listen!
I'm not gonna be like you!
'Cause I... I've been saved!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles] By my dear
brother, Corazon, you mean?
[DOFLAMINGO] You're worse than
a coward. You're useless.
You made a choice,
not only to die in vain,
but to do it alongside
this imbecile.
Don't you dare! Keep your
hands off Straw Hat!
Or you'll be sorry!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[ABDULLAH, JEET gasp]
What is this?
It's creepy!
It's not the real thing--
It's just a clone.
--[JEET] Clone?
--A puppet made of string.
Thanks you guys.
Are you okay?
Glad we came!
Anyway, let's get him out
of that water already!
Right!
[JEET] You're not hurt
too bad, are you?
[TOWNSMAN A gasps]
Stay back!
Doflamingo!
[chuckles] That's one hundred
million berries, just for me.
A free ticket to join
the Don Quixote Family,
right in my sights!
[gunshot]
[gasping] Who's there?
[BOUNTY HUNTER A] Damn it!
Go away! You old fart!
This is not your kingdom!
I won't let you kill him!
Get out of here,
you damn pirate!
Screw you!
Wanna stand in my way?
I'll shoot you, too!
[KYROS grunts]
Nice work. You saved me.
Truly, sir. I'm grateful.
[TOWNSMAN B]
I... I'm begging you.
Please. Stand down.
Surrender! Let me take you in!
Forgive me, but I cannot.
Stay back!
I know that you
don't want to fight.
That this kingdom
longs for peace.
[KYROS] Doflamingo is
forcing this madness on you.
And for that crime, he will pay.
[gasps]
Don't give up.
Ugh. You saved me. Thank you.
[JEET]
Aw, it was nuthin'!
One question. Did we win?
He's just legs now.
That's the guy we were supposed
to fight at the palace, right?
Moron! I just told you!
It's only his puppet!
Though I don't know
why he bothered
to send one all the way here.
Does he want to
taunt us that badly?
[LUFFY]
He said he was gonna rescue us.
Oh! That reminds me!
That Kelly Funk guy from before.
He tricked us! Everything
that bastard said was a lie!
Kid's a real sucker.
He walked straight
into that one.
[JEET] After we learned
what he was plotting,
we knew we had to stop him!
Straw Hat needs our help!
Get up, Abdullah!
[BOTH gasp]
[KELLY gasps]
[JEET]
Kelly's a famous assassin
and he cut him down
in a split second!
Aw man, that's not fair!
Mingo did rescue me!
Traffy's right!
He's laughing at us!
How's Cabbage doing?
Is he beating us?
[JEET] Yeah, we're falling
way behind. It's been a while.
Everyone might be
on the second level.
[LUFFY groans] We gotta get
to the Sunflower Field--
I needed that shortcut!
Hurry back to the entrance!
--[LUFFY] No.
--Huh?
I'll make us a shortcut.
Just watch me.
[BOTH]
Huh?
What're you--
All we gotta do is go up.
That's easy enough!
[ABDULLAH, JEET scream]
What?
[KYROS] Everyone must've reached
the second level already.
Better hurry.
[JEET] Wait! Think this through
a second, Straw Hat!
Straw Hat's here?
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
[ABDULLAH, JEET scream]
Ahh! All those losers made it
up to the second level already!
That's crazy!
[MACHVISE]
Our underl-eens are lose-een.
I don't see Straw Hat
or his crew out there.
Let's start picking
them off, one by one.
Works for me!
[CAVENDISH gasps]
What's wrong, Farul?
Uh-oh.
What's that racket?
There's something big coming up!
[LUFFY yelling]
...Elephant Gun! Let's go!
[CAVENDISH] What is that?
Someone's fist?
Well, damn.
[CHIN JAO chuckles]
That's rather clever of you!
I'd expect no less
from Garp's grandson.
Ooh!
That must be Straw Hat's doing.
[DELLINGER squeals]
[DELLINGER]
Incoming!
[GLADIUS]
Straw Hat!
[laughs] I'm enjoying
this chaos!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Chin Jao and the others are
headed to the third level!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
Stop them!
What was all that
rumbling about?
Aw crap.
It's coming our way!
[GLADIUS]
You don't even know what it is!
You have no right to be scared!
You keep fighting--
Don't lose sight of the enemy!
Stay focused!
All right! Traffy. Let's go!
[JEET, ABDULLAH] He made
a shortcut with his fist!
We could've been crushed!
Hey, guys! You take care
of Moocy for me, okay?
[ABDULLAH, JEET]
Yessir!
All right! Up we go!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE F]
What happened?
That hole,
it came outta nowhere!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE G gasps]
A hand?
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum... Rocket!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
It's Straw Hat!
Good! Now we're caught
up with everyone else!
Get ready!
Is that Law I see?
What's the hold up? Move it!
All right. I'm comin'
for you, Mingo!
That's heavy!
Dragon Claw Fist!
Dragon... Claw!
This is one hell of a fight!
I should've known better, huh?
I can't use smoke
to distract you.
So it would appear.
The future of the
Revolutionary Army
is looking quite promising
with you around.
A formidable threat indeed.
Yeah? I question your sincerity.
Fraland, we're here!
Huh? What's up, you guys?
We can help! Listen up!
I've got a plan that'll get
the door to the factory open!
Wha? Really?
[INHEL] Definitely! Just keep
fighting Señor for now.
We need time to pull this off!
Easy peasy! You can count on me!
Up there! I see two people
with one-star prizes!
Fire!
Not good. We've been seen.
Hey, jackass!
If you hit Miss Robin,
you're gonna be sorry.
Don't you worry one bit!
I'll put up a nice
barrier for you!
Barrier time!
[gasps] Aw crap!
I can't cross my fingers
or I'll fall to the ground!
We got this!
Cut that out! Damn it!
Don't make me come down there!
Oh, I know!
How 'bout I cause
a "rain of terror"
like I did at the Coliseum?
[BARTOLOMEO laughs]
Huh? Wait a second!
What the hell's he doing?
Huh? No way. He...
He wouldn't dare, would he?
[BARTOLOMEO chuckles]
You want some of this?
[BARTOLOMEO laughs]
Ha! Can't take the heat, huh?
[BELLAMY] So, I just gotta
win the tournament?
Then you'll give me
a spot in the Family?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Of course.
I'll be cheering for you.
[DELLINGER] I'm gonna finish
you off, right here, right now.
Young Master says!
[BELLAMY]
I can't go on like this.
I have to settle things!
[TREBOL]
Hey, hey, Doffy.
Did you send String-Joker
off somewhere?
[DOFLAMINGO] Yeah. I was
gonna deliver something,
but I guess he doesn't need it.
"Deliver something," huh?
[DOFLAMINGO] While we're
sitting here waiting,
do you remember the day
when Law first showed up?
All those years ago?
[laughs] He was crazy!
Had a wild look in his eyes!
Yeah, uh-huh! [laughs]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Reminded me of myself
when I was that age,
to be honest.
I thought "in ten years,
this hateful little monster
will make a fine
right-hand-man."
But now, it looks like
I'll be killing him instead.
Such a pity.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE J]
We have an intruder!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE K] Don't
touch him! He has explosives
strapped to his body!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Hey! Who the hell is this kid?
Why did you let him in?
Let me join your pirate crew.
Huh?
I wanna destroy
everything that I see!
People. Towns. I wanna burn
this whole world to the ground.
You know, I'm from Flevence.
I came here from the White Town.
[LAW] It won't be long...
before I'm dead.
[LUFFY yelling]
Mingo!
[NARRATOR] The Executives
of the Don Quixote Family
finally enter the fray,
starting a full-scale battle
with Luffy and the others.
When it seems like
the palace is out of reach,
the ragtag group of allies
that Luffy has acquired
come together and
prove their worth!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A United Front!
Luffy's Breakthrough
to the Victory!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!